alright guys i'm going to show you how
to remove this virus the easy way this
method doesn't include deleting files or
doing any advanced stuff this is pretty
simple make sure your computer is off
first and go ahead and turn it on
immediately go to your keyboard and tap
the f8 key keep tapping in it tacking it
repeatedly and just keep tapping it too
till you get to a menu screen here in a
bit alright you're going to get this
screen here and make make sure you
choose it's already on their repair your
computer you can use the arrow keys on
your keyboard to go up and down on this
menu and select repair your computer and
hit enter on your keyboard it's going to
load up the windows files
it's going to start to bring up windows
all right it's going to come up with
this screen here go ahead and click on
next
select your administrator account you
can select it through the drop-down menu
here and type in your password ok then
it's going to come up to this window
here go ahead and click on system
restore we're going to do a system
restore to the point where you did not
have the virus anymore alright and it's
going to tell you hear this this is used
to fix problems that might be making
your computer run slowly or stock
responding it does not affect any of
your documents pictures or personal data
so this system restore is not going to
delete any of your pictures music photos
videos any of that all right so go ahead
and click on next now it's going to tell
you what system restore points exist on
your computer here they are you can load
more of them by clicking on the show
more restore points and select the one
that has the date and time before you
had the virus alright so select it
whichever one it might be and then click
Next alright and then go ahead and click
on finish once you click on finish it's
going to start the restore point and
it's gonna put your computer back to the
way it was before you had your virus
before you had that that money ran some
virus that's scared the hell out of you
maybe now that virus is not real this is
the easy way to get rid of it and let me
know if it worked for you so once you
click finish it's going to start the
system restore process it's going to
restart your computer and it's gonna
finish it from there alright so let me
know if this worked for you if it didn't
go ahead and comment on the video below
and let me know hopefully this has
worked out for you hopefully it helped
you out and have a good rest of your day
you